fix the god-awful mobile design on this website...
make a help button (could just take them to the readme on github)
option for student name to not be tab-able
option for download to also download all scores in history, not just final calculated grade
make pwa?
	color scheme for grades on individual assignments?
download and upload history and list of assignments
new feature: add modal with options to make different categories of assignments with different weights and have a select/option for those
option to use cookies?
warn if anything under 0 or if grade > total
!!option to drop lowest
option to have different categories and weights assigned to each
option to enter own scale
make a large number of items at once with same weight/category
!!display number of items
!!if a blank item then ignore, and button to delete all blank items
!!and if no weights assume equal
option to add one assignment to all students (grade doesn't change)
option to print all grade or one person's
option to have multiple "classes" with different assignments layouts you can save
option to use student id numbers? (nothing preventing you anyway...)
histogram of all students' grades


input verification
option for both name and ID (as opposed to one)
download csv of grade data for import/export
display if there are no assingments? vector graphic of no assingments here
error messages in seperate display and different css, instead of in grade result display
add email btn in info modal (eventually) for questions, or suggestions
show toast or popper for visual confirmation that grade was copied
display setting to hide copy btn (toggle switch)
add animations to hover on btns
setting for copy btn copyies letter, percentage, or both
setting to display percentage as floating point without percent sign (ex. 0.876 instead of 87.6%)
put alert and read more link in another modal, option to display history in modal only or on page as well
show more buttons checkbox for stuff like copy history, fullscreen btn at top, more inputs etc
save site settings
reset site settings
upload assignments from spreadsheet, option to add spreadsheet stuff to history console, to next spreadsheet, either append or prepend toggle. also modal for displaying all the data in grade history that would go in spreadsheet
option to reclaulate grades after editing assignment (weight/total) from spreadsheet or history
"calculate" doesnt mean add to database, rename calc and record or something
make obvious how to add new student
record vid 30s how to use, embed in help modal on site
rename history to record or gradebook
move history to table modal "gradebook" with old history view and new table gradebook view like in csv
toast/visual confirmation when adding student "entry added to gradebook"
option for change view from compact, comfy etc
use arcs to display percentages for assignments
option for graphs. pie graph of what their grade is composed of. export to img.
update assignments btn to update table other than on calc
edit assignments and save or discard changes?
use angular for syncing data between tables and divs, creating new divs etc
option to display letter grade or not
round data in grade-data?
option to download csv of only assignments or only grades
upload csv to import assignments and keep working (add on student data or start fresh) modal prompt upon upload
open in google sheets (instead of downloading) btn
option to make everything tabbable
checkbox for use autocorrect
export settings to txt file? save in cookies?
specific errors for if numbers are negative, weights are missing etc (more helpful messages)

chart ideas:
student: barchart with 2 sections per bar, each bar is assignment where top of bar is percentage of grade, and bar is filled with percentage on assignment
assignments: pie chart of assignment percentages worth of total grade
assignment: bar chart/histogram of students' scores
assignments: barchart like that of student, but for averages and 1 standard deviation deviation (maybe just use box plots)

